So its basically about how do you get along with different kinds of people in your day to day lives.

Sometimes,you will meet really good people who will be ready to help you out at any cost of their daily lives.
Its basically all about what your heart follows to have a feeling of remaining happy or so.

"I believe
There is a time

For everything
Time changes

And you need to accept that
Else, you stagnate"    -Anonymous







Sometimes, you need to understand people and that takes time, and for them to be more frank with you and be more familiar with you, for them to share their problems with you, you need to first get their trust and that yoiu can do by helping them with other small stuff things,you have to be kind to the unkind too, inorder to satisfy yourself that yes,you are really a good person.Sometimes,we all are on the same stage, and thats all you got to share your struggles too with them and this makes them more open to your problems.
So, thats all about the good people had taught me till now , to keep growing ,to keep learning,especially to keep helping , and most importantly appreciating yourself.Because you know to be good is not an easy task in this world, Everything and every moment something or the other might happen that might break you,if not the external things sometimes your own expectations from you can break you apart and make you more unhappy . At that time ,you need to understand that I should not fall a prey to all such feelings and just focus on making myself more happy,satisfied and need to remain strong as much as i could.

Some close friend of mine used to say this always to me,"Only happy people can be helpful to others and yours first priority should to keep yourself happy."

Sometimes the people with the greatest potential often take the longest to find their path because their sensitivity is a double edged sword -it lives at the heart of their brilliance ,but it also makes them more susceptible to life's pains .Good things we aren't being penalized for handing in our purpose late. The soul doesn't know a thing about deadlines. 

Sometimes,its hard to bear when,a point comes in your life, when it would be really tough to handle the real life problems which may break you at times,sometimes you might feel so hurt and disappointed that you will never think to stand again to be more kind towards this society and the people around you. Its that point when you start losing yourself.At that point, one must always remember that 'I CANT BE THAT BAD AND WEAK TO BREAK LIKE THAT.I NEED TO BE MYSELF.I HAVE TO APPRECIATE MYSELF FOR DOING GOOD THINGS IN MY LIFE.I HAVE TO BELIEVE THIS FACT THAT YES!! I AM A GOOD PERSON WHO LIKES TO HELP OTHERS AND BE AVAILABLE AT ANY COST IT MIGHT COST ME.'

And lastly we would end it with the famous quote by Steve Jobs - "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." 
